Your next assignment for your project involves coming up with a task estimation and
set up test plans for the work that you're doing to develop your project or product
For this work, I want you to complete a spreadsheet The spreadsheet consists of four
tabs or I want to create a workbook It consists of four sheets or four tabs.
They're called team, features, task estimation, and test plans.
On the team page, I want you to list who's involved in the work. For example,
if I was doing a project by myself, I put in my name and I put in my email
address.
You need to list each team member and their email address on this first page.
Then in the features section, you'll notice a description of what you're supposed to
include there is off to the right. You need to repeat the work that you did in
the previous assignment, but hopefully improve on it if I made comments that you
needed to be more specific. Here you are supposed to identify the features your
product will deliver and a description of each. The description does not have to be
and probably shouldn't be as detailed as what you provided last time.
Last time you were supposed to write paragraphs about each feature. Here you don't
have to write nicely written paragraphs, you just need to describe enough to indicate
what each feature is about. Remember, it is really important to be extremely specific
about what your product is going to deliver. And when we're talking about features,
the mindset that you should take is that you need to explain what your product is
going to give to customers, users. How will the user or customer experience the
product you are delivering to them. How will they interact with it? What will they
see? What will they be able to do and use?
In other words, you should take the perspective, you should try to gain the
perspective of the user who is experiencing what your product is delivering to them.
For example, let's suppose that I'm creating a website for a customer and a customer
needs to manage a list of people who are in their organization. Maybe it's a
retirement system that I'm creating for a customer. One of the features and I can
give it a unique ID for example. Maybe I'm going to label each feature just by a
number. One, two, three, etc. You can come up with your own way of identifying
features. Let's suppose I take the very simple approach of identifying each feature
just by a single number. The feature name might be list people in the retirement
database.
on a link in the left sidebar of the webpage.
Doing so will open a page that has a table showing the first name,
last name, date, retired,
and years worked for each retiree.
Maybe I'll have another feature. Feature two will be add person to retirement
database. And a feature description will be the user will click a link on the page
that shows the list of retirees.
When they do so,
a form will open that has space for them to enter the first name,
last name,
date retired,
and years worked for each retiree.
See how the description is concise and explains exactly what the user is going to
be doing when they interact with the thing that you're building? That's what you
need to do here. Now, if you can be that specific, Then it's going to be pretty
easy to come up with the tasks needed to support each. And that's what the next
worksheet is for, the task estimation. So for the task estimation what we do is we
look at these features and we break down those features into the tasks that are
needed to complete them. So if under task estimation you'll notice that there is a
feature ID, task ID, task name, task description, estimated hours,
ID of the task that this depends on and who's assigned to work on it. So for
example, if I want to implement feature one, feature one was over here, list people
in the retirement database, if I want to implement that, maybe the first task that
I use and maybe I'll have the task ID be a combination of the your ID and a
letter. You can come up with your own way of identifying each task,
assigning a unique identifier to each task. Here what I've chosen to do is combine
a feature ID with a letter to form the task
has
That that has a table Let's call it.
This is a task name. So let's make it concise build the retiree table
So the task description is
We will so build an HTML table that has
columns for
the first name, last name, date retired, and years worked for each retiree.
Maybe I estimate that that's going to take four hours. It doesn't depend on any
other tasks, so I'll leave that blank and I'm working on it. Maybe another task for
this feature. So again, feature one. This is 1b
Connect the retiree table to
the database
So Write the code that will query the database for
the list of retirees.
Once retrieved,
encapsulate the returns data and html tags to display in the table maybe
this requires uh six hours of work in terms of what it depends on it's probably
going to depend on something that isn't directly related to a project or a feature
maybe i give that a feature id of zero or i leave the feature ID blank, but the
task that's involved in this is, maybe database one,
build the database, build the back end database,
and
the task description for this is that we design, develop an ERD for our database
that includes tables for retirees
company branches
job assignments and other things The estimated hours for this might be 12.
This doesn't depend on tasks, and I'm responsible for it But the reason reason why
I'm bringing up this task DB1 is because in order to connect the retiree table to
the database, the database actually has to exist, right? So the task that it depends
on is DB1, the database has to be built first and again I'm assigned to it.
So, do feel free to add in tasks that aren't necessarily directly tied to a
feature. You can give them whatever unique ID you wish to give them. The purpose of
these IDs is just so that you can refer to them easily. So I don't care what
approach you use to give a unique identifier to each task as long as it makes
sense to you.
Finally, under test plans you have to describe how each feature the aspect of each
feature, various aspects of each feature are going to be tested. For example, we saw
that feature one was to list people in the retirement database.
What we could do with that, first test plans, feature one, we'll give this a test
ID of maybe one dot A) The test name would be "confirm retirees are listed"
The test description would be "click on link in left sidebar"
A new page will open up listing all the retirees in a table that occupies the main
part of the page the
table will have headings that show which columns correspond to
first name last name years date retired and years worked
I'll be the tester and successful outcome will be that all retirees listed in the
database table of retirees appear on the web page.
So that's how you would do a test plan. You specify very specifically the actions
that you are taking and what outcome you expect to see. You're also indicating who's
doing the testing. Now one thing that I forgot to mention is under task estimation,
you should always include for each feature testing time,
time to perform the tests. So for example, I might include under feature ID 1,
a 1 .C
test retirees are listed and
so the test description is to perform perhaps test
1 .a and
might take one hour to do this maybe maybe far less But the tasker that depends on
is probably that 1 .b is completed You can't you won't be able to do this unless
you actually are connecting the retiree table to the database And the person who's
doing it is Ray in other words You should include your testing, the testing you're
going to be doing in your task estimation because that is going to take up some
time as well. If you want to be more general about it and not list individual
tests that are supposed to be performed but instead wanted to just use a blanket
term of testing and you want to say maybe all together it's going to take two
hours to test the product to test that particular feature that's that's fine you
could do that we'll make sure you include testing in your task estimation because
it's actually a pretty important part of your overall development time so that's what
I'm expecting you to do for this assignment that is due next Sunday at 1159 p .m.
clearly you have to have a very specific goal in mind for your product.
You have to have a very clear vision of how the user is going to be interacting
with it and what they're going to see and what they're going to do with it. So
please make sure that you give serious thought to the user's experience.
If you can't do that at this point You need to work extremely hard this week to
get to the point where you have a very clear vision of what it is that you're
building and what it's going to look like. Okay, we're at the midpoint of the
semester. You definitely at this point should be equipped to and prepare to describe
specifically how the user is going to be interacting with what you're building. It's
really important. As always, let me know when you have questions. Again, be specific.
Work really hard this week to come up with a very clear vision of what you're
building. It's really important that you get to that point this week, okay? All
right, good luck.